Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Tell me about your class! What does it represent?
- What additional methods (if any) did you implement alongside those listed in the interface?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I chose to build a MagicWand class because the different methods in the contract reminded me of some things that you could possible use a magic wand for! The methods in this class can alter the user's size and add and remove things that the user wants to pick up and drop (and can even give the user gold with the "use" method). I wanted to put some variety in the methods so some of them change different things, print out messages or ASCII art. I would definitely expand on this assignment in the future and possibly for my final project. I think it would be really fun to add a point system and turn it into an actual text-based game.
Overall I thought this was a fun assignment even though I was a little intimidated by the lack of instructions at first. Once I got over that, I liked that you can really take it in any direction you want and would definitely do this again (but make a different class). The only downside to the vague instructions is that sometimes I wasn't completely sure how detailed each method needed to be or if I was doing the assignment correctly. I would tell people taking this class to just have fun with it, and maybe write out starter methods at first that just print something random to make sure you included all of them with the right call signatures.